links-

1. MODIFY any SOFT link and observer original?
2. MODIFY original file of SOFT link and observe?
1. Remove any SOFT link and observer original?
2. Remove original file of SOFT link and observe?
----
1. MODIFY any HARD link and observer original?
2. MODIFY Original file of HARD link and observe?
3. Remove any HARD link and observer original?
4. Remove original file of HARD link and observe?
---
Comparision among soft,hard,copy?
---
what are wget , curl commands differences?
-----

Scripts-
1. write a script to print the date and redirect it to output.txt?

2. create a file or folder using the date as the name?

3. i) Create a bash script to print the local time, date, username of your system, and your current path.
    ii) After printing, redirect the output into a file called output.txt
    iii) Insert output.txt into a new directory, where the directory name is the current timestamp.

4. Create a bash script to execute the date every 2 minutes once on Saturdays only.

5. Take a backup of a folder every month twice?

6. Print the count of the number of files in a file called count.txt?

7. Create files dynamically every day at 12 AM where the file name is a date?
CRONTAB SCRIPTS LABS:

1. Write a script to print the current directory and username and redirect it to a file called output.txt?
2. Create a file with the current timestamp as its name inside a folder with the current date as its name?
3. Create a bash script to print the local time, date, username of your system, and your current path and redirect the output into a file called output.txt. Insert output.txt into a new directory, where the directory name is the current timestamp.
4. Write a script to print the count of the number of files in a folder and redirect the count to a file called count.txt.
(Reference: Google about word count and pipe commands in Linux)
5. Create a bash script to execute the date every 2 minutes once on weekends only?
6. Take a backup of a folder daily twice?

Bonus question:
Create a file with the current timestamp as its name once per minute inside a folder with the current timestamp as its name once per 4 minutes
